The White House today called for nuclear inspectors to be sent as soon as possible to monitor North Korea's closure of its nuclear reactors . The White House made this call after US President Bush had telephone conversations with South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun .
White House National Security Council spokesman Johndroe said that the two leaders today had `` discussed new developments concerning the US's cooperation with South Korea on the North Korea nuclear issue , and looked forward to the speedy return of IAEA inspectors to North Korea to monitor the shutdown and sealing of the North Korean nuclear reactors . ''
Johndroe said that the two presidents also welcomed the US-South Korea free trade agreement that was signed +yesterday , and would work to ensure that the congresses of both countries approve this agreement .
Experts believe that the elemental plutonium that Pyongyang has produced over the last 20 years is sufficient to create twelve nuclear weapons .
Hill , the US envoy to the six-party talks , said after a visit to Pyongyang last week that he expected the Yongbyon nuclear reactors would be shut down in the middle of July .
According to reports from officials and the media , the number of people who have died this year in India because of heavy monsoon rains has risen to 474 .
The Press Trust of India quoted the government minister for relief and rehabilitation Kadam as revealing today that in the last week , the monsoon has started in all of India's states one after another , and that the financial losses and casualties have been serious in all areas . Just in Maharashtra , the state which includes Mumbai , India's largest city , the number of people known to have died has now reached 358 .
Reports say that Kadam made the above statement to media and journalists as he was making an inspection of Mumbai .
He said that Maharashtra , which is also India's biggest cotton-producing state , was entirely covered with a vast expanse of water , and there were cities and towns numbering 27 and about 2000 villages which had been hit by serious flooding . More than 10000 affected people had been evacuated to safe shelters .
The whole of India , from south to north , started to progressively enter the monsoon season a week ago . The residents of each state all greeted the heavy rains as relief at the end of a long drought , but didn't expect that the rain would come with unexpected violence , a real deluge . Highways have become rivers ; houses in low-lying areas have been surbmerged in the water ; the transport system is nearly paralyzed . To date , figures show that nearly 500 people have unfortunately lost their lives to the floods .
The Institute for Science and International Security , a US think tank , today reported that commercial satellite images have shown that Iran is digging a tunnel in a mountain near the Natanz uranium enrichment facility , which may be for protecting nuclear facilities in the event of air strikes .
The images were taken by US company DigitalGlobe ( DigitalGlobe ) on June 11 and have been posted on the ISIS website .
The Insitute , located in Washington DC , is a non-profit research organization .
The images show that road building is going on through the mountains just 2.4 kilometers south of the Natanz facility , and within that facility is a uranium enrichment plant .
Analysts Albright and Brannan say in a report that the entrance and exit of the tunnel in the images are not clear , but that `` one of the roads seems to lead into a tunnel facility . The other road may also lead to a tunnel entrance / exit . ''
They say : `` A tunnel facility inside a mountain like this would be of great use in terms of protection during an air strike . ''
The month-long state of emergency declared by the Palestinian authorities after Hamas militants occupied the Gaza Strip comes to an end today . Prime Minister Fayyad offered resignation temporarily , but was immediately ordered to take responsibility for forming a new government .
Minister for Agriculture and Social Affairs Habbash told AFP : `` Prime Minister Fayyad offered his resignation to President Abbas . The president accepted it and at the same time also asked him to form a new cabinet government to be responsible for routine administration . ''
Amr , an advisor to Abbas , told AFP that Fayyad had tendered his resignation , but that Abbas had ordered him to `` act in his current position until he has formed a new government . ''
The resignation of Fayyad , who is a highly respected economist , was merely a procedural resignation , and will not affect his position as prime minister .
Fayyad has led Palestine's emergency cabinet since the 17th of last month , being responsible for executing Abbas's state of emergency decree after Hamas's violent occupation of Gaza .
According to the basic law of the Palestinian self-rule government , a state of emergency cannot exceed 30 days without the agreement of the parliament , but the autonomous parliament is currently paralyzed .
The emergency government's authority expires today .
This week Japan was hit by strong earthquakes , which caused a shortage of auto parts . Toyota , Nissan and other auto manufacturers said today that they would cut or even suspend domestic car production .
The day before yesterday Japan was hit by a strong earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale . Auto part manufacturer Riken Corporation was forced to suspend operation of a factory in a northwestern district of Tokyo . This had a knock-on effect on auto production .
A spokeswoman for Toyota , the best-selling auto-maker in the world , said that Toyota would suspend domestic auto production from tonight till the 21st .
Nakagawa , a spokesman for Nissan , said that from the day after tomorrow until the 23rd , two of Nissan's three factories in Japan would suspend part of their production operations , and that they would reassess the situation at the weekend .
He said that both of the two factories had two production lines , of which one production line would be affected , but the company may increase the number of shifts next month to make up for lost production time .
Suzuki Auto said that it would stop some production for three days starting from tomorrow . Fuji Heavy Industries Corporation , which produces Subaru vehicles , would also suspend manufacturing smaller vehicles starting from tomorrow , and would assess the situation on the 21st .
Meanwhile , Honda Motor said that next week it might pause operations on some of its production lines that rely on the supply of parts .
This earthquake caused the deaths of at least 10 people . Over 1000 people were injured and hundreds of houses collapsed , further forcing factories in affected areas to stop operations .
The Taliban in Afghanistan have kidnapped 23 South Korean hostages and fixed sunset today as the deadline , demanding that South Korea withdraw its troops from Afghanistan or they would kill the hostages .
As the minutes and seconds go by , there have been positive developments in the situation . South Korean officials held talks with the Taliban for the first time today .
But at the same time the Taliban said that another German hostage who had been kidnapped was in extremely poor health , and had started to become comatose and to lose consciousness .
The Taliban called on Germany and South Korea to withdraw their troops from Afghanistan and demanded 33 guerrillas imprisoned by the Afghan government in exchange for these hostages .
Taliban spokesperson Ahmadi said in a telephone interview by AFP at an undisclosed location : `` We have established direct contact with the South Korean delegation through tribal elders . ''
Amadi said : `` We hope this meeting will bring results . ''
The Taliban set dusk , local time ( 10:30 p.m. Taiwan time ), as the deadline , and will start killing the South Korean hostages as soon as that time passes .
The guerrilla group has already extended the deadline twice .
US Treasury Secretary Paulson arrived yesterday on a visit to China . The US is currently doing all it can to persuade China to carry out further necessary economic reforms and work on environmental protection . The renminbi exchange rate is an issue that will receive particular attention .
US diplomats say that Paulson first visited Xining , capital city of China's large northwestern province of Qinghai .
China is currently carrying out a series of plans for environmental protection near the largest freshwater lake in Qinghai Province .
Today Paulson will move on to Beijing to discuss pushing for progress in the US-China Strategic Economic Dialogue started last year and other issues with Chinese chief officials .
The US-China Strategic Economic Dialogue mainly discusses economic , environmental protection and other issues . Yet , the most important is the issue of the renminbi exchange rate . US congressmen believe that the renminbi is excessively undervalued .
The trade deficit between the US and China is quickly escalating . Internal pressure within the US is gradually rising , and congressmen are ready to take retributive action to resist what they call China's unfair trade policies .
Last week the US Senate Finance Committee overwhelmingly approved a bill requiring the Treasury to identify a list of countries with `` fundamentally misaligned '' currency exchange rates . This opens the door for potential economic sanctions to be brought against Beijing .
US congressmen say that the renminbi is undervalued , which makes the price of goods that China sells to the US extremely cheap , and adds to the trade imbalance between the US and China . Last year the US's trade deficit with China reached 232.5 billion US dollars .
On the evening of the 9th , representatives from Japan's opposition Democratic Party , Communist Party , Social Democratic Party , and People's New Party went to the prime minister's residence to submit a written plea to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , requesting to recall Foreign Affairs Minister Taro Aso , who allows discussions on whether Japan should possess nuclear weapons .
However , that evening , Shinzo Abe told the media he will not accept the request of the opposition parties .
According to a report on Xinhuanet .com , when the opposition representatives submitted the written plea to Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Hakubun Shimomura , they requested Abe to reply before the 14th of this month . Shimomura said he would pass the message to Prime Minister Abe .
On that day , about 70 people , consisting of Nagasaki civil organization members , nuclear bomb explosion victims , and so on , staged a silent sit-in at Nagasaki Peace Park . They also read out letters that opposed the instigation for Japan to go nuclear , and requested the Japanese government to establish the Three Non-nuclear Principles as a law .
According to a report by Kyodo News Agency , that evening Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters that `` everyone sees eye-to-eye regarding the guideline on adhering to the Three Non-nuclear Principles , and therefore there is no problem .
There will not be a ( recall ). ''
Since October 9 when North Korea announced that it would perform nuclear tests , Shoichi Nakagawa , Chairman of the Policy Research Council of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party , asserted on several different occasions that Japan should engage in discussions on whether to possess nuclear weapons .
Following this , Aso gave remarks on allowing discussions on whether Japan should possess nuclear weapons . The Japanese opposition parties raised strong criticisms regarding this and demanded his resignation .
According to information of the Ministry of Health , China's Ministry of Health today released information on the national public health emergencies in October 2006 .
Meanwhile , the Ministry of Health requested all regions to strengthen the monitoring and reporting of pneumonia cases caused by unknown factors , human infection of the highly pathogenic avian flu cases , influenza cases , and SARS cases .
Two hundred and sixty three public health emergencies ( excluding unclassified incidents ) were reported in October 2006 across the country ( excluding Hong Kong , Macau , and Taiwan ) with 8594 people and 37 deaths involved in cases reported .
According to the information , there was no report on particularly serious public health emergency and serious public health emergency , 18 reports on relatively serious incidents , and 245 reports on general incidents in October .
Experts argued that the high-incidence season of respiratory disease has arrived . The Ministry of Health requested all regions to strengthen the monitoring and reporting of pneumonia cases caused by unknown factors , human infection of the highly pathogenic avian flu cases , influenza cases , and SARS cases in order to discover the symptom of outbreak and prevalence in time and to adopt effective measures to control the endemic , and to enhance the supervision of food sanitation in collective cafeterias in units such as schools so as to reduce and prevent food poisoning incidents from happening .
Chinanews .com , London , November 14 - The Austrian Exstin Publishing House held a press conference on the 13th to announce that the memoir of Natascha , a girl in Austria who had been kidnapped for eight years , has completed printing and will make its debut in the Austrian capital of Vienna on November 15 .
In the following three months , the English , Russian , and French versions of the memoir will also be successively published .
On the 13th , Exstin Publishing House spokesperson Brian Vesha said that the Austrian girl Natascha was kidnapped by criminal Wolfgang when she was 10 years old . She was later confined in a dungeon for eight years .
Although Natascha succeeded in escaping , the outside world never knew how she actually went through these eight years .
As ordinary readers or audience , people are naturally curious about her encounter .
After contacting Natascha's agent Harris Ecker , Exstin Publishing House spent 11 million US dollars to buy the rights to publish Natascha's memoir .
The Austrian version of Natascha's memoir will be officially published on November 15 . The English , Russian , and French versions will also be successively published in the following three ( months ).
Chinanews .com , November 15 - According to a report by People's Daily , it was found out from the city government office of Shijiazhuang , Hebei province , that the city has set up an investigation team to carry out inspections on Pingshan county and Jingxing county , where `` red-yolk '' duck eggs were produced . It also said that the `` red-yolk '' duck eggs that were sold must be recalled as soon as possible .
In Anxin county , Baoding , Hebei , investigators inspected a total of 68 duck egg processing factories . The products of two factories were questionable , and samples were taken for testing ; there were no problems with 65 factories .
Guohua Poultry Eggs Processing Factory , which was exposed by the media , was ordered to close down for reorganization . Six hundred kilograms of questionable duck eggs were sealed up on the spot , and 140 kilograms of `` red-yolk '' duck eggs sent out into the market by the factory were recalled . In addition , three related personnel were put under control according to law .
The Anxin county government also had 400 people to inspect 316 duck breeders randomly , but it did not discover cases of feeding using fodder that contain Sudan Red .
According to information , the Shijiazhuang City Public Security Bureau is already involved in the `` red-yolk '' duck eggs case .
Chinanews .com , Nov . 15 - According to Hong Kong Wen Hui Pao's report , Beijing Mayor Wang Qishan conducted a special tour of Hong Kong seawater desalination experimental base on the 14th to look for successful experience in seawater desalination to resolve the water shortage in Beijing .
Mayor Wang Qishan also personally tasted the seawater that went through desalination treatment in order to learn about the quality of the desalinated seawater .
Wang Qishan had a definite purpose in mind while he was at the Hong Kong seawater desalination base and approached the main topics directly .
He focused on inquiring about the few topics that he most concerned about in a direct manner including the current water price in Hong Kong , the type of charging standards implemented , and the cost of seawater desalination and sewage treatment .
Since he came prepared , Wang Qishan also did not hesitate to bring the seawater desalination topic directly to the experimental base and inquired about related technologies on the spot .
At the end of the tour , Wang Qishan held the desalinated water up and examined it carefully . He then clinked glasses and drank the water with the accompanying visiting personnel .
Chinanews .com , Nov . 16 - The blog of marathon students Ai Dongmei and Ge Ping who are currently engaging in a legal battle with Wang Dexian appeared on a well-known portal in China two days ago . The blog of the two people had close to 70000 hits within a day .
The athlete sought help from net friends in her first blog , hoping to find a job for her husband .
In regards to her lawsuit against her coach Wang Dexian , she said , `` I did not type this blog by myself because I only have 300 yuan of income each month now . All three people in our family are in Beijing . We even have problem feeding ourselves . I am not sure how long this lawsuit can last . ''
At the end of the article , she particularly mentioned , `` The child starts crying again . I am not sure whether he is hungry or the house is too cold . ''
In another article titled Mind Revelation after Hardships , she spoke her +mind by saying `` I regret that I trained for sports . I had been trained for eight years and still am not a full team member . After I made achievements , the honor went to the sports team and Wang Dexian had the bonus while the illness belonged to us . We have no education or money . Tell me what I do this for .
I even turned myself into an invalid . Now we have to rely on lawsuit to get back the wages that belonged to us . I feel really sorry . I do not have money to buy milk powder for my child . It breaks my heart when I think about it !
This is the price of training for sports and the result of not meeting a good coach . ''
Chinanews.com , July 4 The intermediate court of Linfen Municipality in Shanxi Province this morning began the first instance hearing in the `` illegal brick kiln '' case of Wang Bingbing of Caosheng Village , Guangshengsi Township , Hongdong County , Shanxi , amid great public interest .
Many domestic media outlets are following the progress of this case .
Because the local government departments involved are rather cautious , some reporters were not able to go in and do interviews at the scene .
The court trial is currently still in progress .
The staff at the Linfen intermediate criminal court revealed that if the trial goes smoothly , it could probably finish today .
But it is not yet known whether the judgment in this case will be announced at court .
At about nine o'clock in the morning , some reporters looked at the situation outside the front door of the Linfen intermediate court . Passers-by were calm , and traffic was normal .
Perhaps they felt accustomed to the trial going on inside the court .
`` When the time comes there'll be a verdict . I believe the law is fair , "
a senior citizen said to himself as he passed by here and raised his head to look for a moment at the national emblem .
Previously , news from Hongdong County had confirmed that Wang Dongji , father of the defendant Wang Bingbing and former Party branch secretary of Caosheng Village , had been legally stripped of his status as a representative at the county People's Congress .
Previously , Wang Dongji had been removed from his position as secretary of the village Party branch with his Party membership revoked because of the issue of suspected breaches of discipline in the Wang Bingbing `` illegal brick kiln '' case .
The incident of slave labor in illegal brick kilns in Shanxi sparked by the Wang Bingbing illegal brick kiln case has attracted attention both at home and abroad . High level central officials issued instructions demanding serious investigation .
This afternoon , the Lanzhou municipal price bureau invited the departments concerned and held a seminar on the price controls on beef noodles .
This reporter learned at the meeting that the main reason that the price bureau and other departments of this city have jointly issued an upper price limit is that the rise in the price of beef noodles has been too large , and has gone beyond what most residents can cope with .
It is said that the rate of this rise in the price of beef noodles has reached 20 %. According to statistics , this is the largest rise in the shortest time since the first time the price of beef noodles rose in Lanzhou in the early 80s of the last century .
`` Government actions must take ordinary local people's spending power into consideration . The upper price limit we have issued is based on a survey of costs , " said the head of the Lanzhou municipal price bureau .
On the 26th of last month four departments , including the Lanzhou municipal price bureau , industry and commerce administration , and health department , jointly imposed an upper price limit on the price of beef noodles in this city . As soon as news was made public , it attracted intense attention .
It is understood that this seminar was aimed at listening to a wide range of opinions from all sectors , and seeking opinions and suggestions on issuing further specific measures . It was also revealed that Lanzhou will hold a press conference tomorrow .
This will be the second press conference that Lanzhou Municipality has held on the incident of rises in the price of beef noodles .
Chinanews.com , July 12 According to a report from Yonhap , the South Korean government has welcomed the meeting for leaders of delegations at the six-party talks to be held in Beijing starting from the 18th .
A spokesperson for the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade made some comments on the 12th , saying : `` We hope that at this meeting for leaders of delegations at the six-party talks we will be able to discuss finishing the initial stage measures as soon as possible and implementing the measures for the next stage , as well as the specific and practical plan for holding the talks of the foreign ministers of the six parties , thereby speeding up the process of denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . ''
The comments also said : `` As one of the core countries involved in the North Korea nuclear issue , the government of our country will continue to play an active role in the speedy and complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula and will cooperate closely with the countries involved for this purpose . ''
`` Wang Yan can now sit up on a bench , but still not for too long , otherwise she feels dizzy , " Zhejiang Sports Bureau gymnastics center director Wu Xiqin told reporters yesterday .
Prior to this , the condition of Wang Yan , who was injured in competition , had been steadily improving . The recovery of strength in her left and right arms had improved by `` two points '' compared to over ten days before .
On the 4th of this month , when Wang Yan was transferred from the ICU ( intensive care unit ) of Shanghai's No . 6 Hospital to a special-needs ward , the strength in her right arm was 2-3 points , and the strength in her left arm was 1 point .
After nearly half a month , the strength in Wang Yan's arms has further improved .
`` The doctors say that the strength in Wang Yan's right arm has reached more than 4 , just one point lower than the normal score of 5. The strength in her left arm is also over 3 , " said Wu Xiqin .
That is to say , in less than half a month's time , Wang Yan's arm strength has recovered by `` two points . ''
A while before , with the help of doctors , Wang Yan was able to remain sitting in bed for five minutes .
The hospital's rehabilitation specialist had originally planned to have Wang Yan start doing touch down exercises within the protection of a rehabilitation bed at the end of last week .
But given Wang Yan's recovery at the present stage , the floor rehabilitation exercises had to be postponed for the time being .
Wu Xiqin said that Wang Yan's current exercises mainly focused on `` sitting . '' `` She can maintain a seated posture on a bench for a while , but still not for too long . '' ( Correspondent Wang Chunqiu )
Last night Beijing time , the special hearing held by the FIA World Motor Sports Council in Paris over the Ferrari engineer spy case came to a close . McLaren , who had been summoned , managed a lucky escape : the council decided not to impose any penalty on McLaren for the time being .
The FIA official website published a statement after the hearing , saying : `` Vodafone McLaren Mercedes was in possession of confidential Ferrari information , but at present there is insufficient evidence to show that this information was used improperly in the FIA Formula One World Championship . Therefore no penalty will be imposed . ''
However , this does not definitively close the Ferrari engineer spy case .
The Motor Sports Council also said in this decision : `` If it is found in the future that the information relating to Ferrari has been used to the detriment of the championship , we reserve the right to request McLaren to return to WMSC for a hearing . At that time , they may face the penalty of the cancellation of their qualification to take part in the 2007 championship and even the 2008 championship . ''
Mike Coughlan , the former chief designer for McLaren who has now been suspended from his job , has been found to have been in possession of nearly 800 pages of Ferrari's technical documents . The contents included sets of details of the design , power , construction , checks , tests , development and operation of Ferrari's 2007 race car .
McLaren insists that no-one else in the team knew about this information before Coughlan was suspended from his job , and that the McLaren car for this season has no elements from Ferrari .
Reporters learned from the State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters that as of July 29 , 118 million mu of agricultural land had been hit by floods across the country ; of these , 54.14 million mu had been ruined ; 119.15 million people had been affected by natural disaster ; 652 people had died in natural disasters ; 452000 buildings had collapsed ; and direct financial losses were 52.5 billion yuan .
Over the whole country , 140 million mu of arable land had been affected by drought ; 5.88 million people and 4.7 million heads of large livestock suffered temporary shortages of drinking water because of drought .
On July 29 , the State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters was urgently organizing to deal with the current serious flood control and drought relief situation .
It called on all provinces along the Huai River and the Huai River Flood Control Headquarters to strengthen their dispatch service , to enhance their maintenance of dikes during periods of receding water , and to strive for a complete victory in the Huai River flood prevention and control .
Together with Finance , Agriculture and other departments , the SFCDRH has sent three working teams separately to the front lines in flood defense and areas with serious droughts to direct flood control and drought relief work .
Presently , flood control work on the Huai River is going on urgently and orderly . Operations are normal in the flood control projects . The new Huai-Hong River has also started to channel floodwaters . In the three provinces of Henan , Anhui and Jiangsu , 268000 people are holding firm on Huai River dikes .
There are no major dangers in the dikes along the main course of the Huai River .
Heilongjiang , Jiangxi , and other provinces have activated emergency drought response action according to contingency plans , and drought relief work is urgently and orderly underway .
In Prague , people who are walking dogs can be seen everywhere . Dogs are also allowed on public buses .
The reporter was not used to this at all when he first arrived in the Czech Republic , but he got accustomed to it very soon .
Over here , all dogs wear a muzzle and are led by their owner .
On public buses , dogs sit or lie down , and are unusually quiet . People next to them do not feel any danger .
Although there are many dogs in the city of Prague , there is no need to worry about stepping on `` land mines '' on the roads .
Dog owners are generally very conscious . When they go out , they are usually prepared to clean up the excrement of their beloved dog at all times .
However , dogs are after all not toys without a life .
The relevant departments have a series of quite comprehensive control measures for the dogs and dog owners .
Within four months of a puppy's birth , the dog owner must register at the relevant departments . The registration information is so detailed it is almost strict : date of birth , registration number , name and address of the dog owner , dog tax receipt , dog insurance number , whether there are records of injuring people , relevant information such as date of vaccination , gender of the dog , and so on . If it is a female dog , the delivery date and quantity , as well as the breed , of the puppies , whether they are pure breed or hybrid , have to be indicated .
If the dog changes owner or if the owner changes address , the registration information must be updated immediately .
Within 200 meters of a residential or public activity area , the dog must wear a muzzle and dog leash .
Without a dog leash , there will be a fine of 5000 koruna ( about 240 US dollars ).
The local government has demarcated areas where dogs are forbidden to enter . The maximum fine for violation of this can be as high as 20000 koruna ( about 1000 US dollars ).
According to a report by the Japanese media on the 1st , when Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was interviewed by media , such as CNN from the United States and the Financial Times from Britain , at the prime minister's residence on October 31 , he said he will revise the constitution .
Abe said that his office term as the president of the Liberal Democratic Party is three years and he can only stay for two terms , hence he wants to revise the constitution while he is still in office .
Concerning the specific details on the constitution revision , Abe said that in the current constitution , article nine is `` a typical provision that does not fit the times . ''
Whether judging from the perspective of protecting Japan or areas such as making contributions to the international community , article nine should be amended .
In addition , as new values , the constitution should also include protection of earth environment , protection of personal privacy , and so on .
According to the report , this is the first time Abe has talked about the specific details of the constitution revision since he came to office .
Article nine of the pacifist constitution established by Japan at the end of World War II specifies that Japan `` forever renounces war as a sovereign right of the nation and the threat or use of force as a means of settling international disputes . In order to accomplish this aim , Japan will not maintain land , sea , or air forces , as well as other war forces . The right of belligerency of the state will not be recognized . ''
Hainan Province recently launched the energy saving and consumption reduction statistical and monitoring work in full swing by establishing two levels of provincial and municipal energy saving and consumption reduction indicator bulletin system and release it once every six months .
Wei Siming , Director of the Industry Transportation Department of Hainan Statistical Bureau , let known that the energy saving and consumption reduction indicator bulletin will contain five main contents including energy consumption per 10000 yuan GDP , reduction rate for energy consumption per 10000 yuan GDP , electricity consumption per 10000 yuan GDP , industrial value-added energy consumption per 10000 yuan of industrial enterprises above the designated size , and comprehensive line loss rate .
The first four are national standardized indicators while the last one is a supplement based on the Major Indicator Table for the Building of Energy Saving Society in Hainan Province of the 11th Five Year Plan .
The content of the bulletin will be improved gradually in the future .
The bulletin will be released twice a year . The per unit energy consumption indicator of the previous year will be released to the public by the end of June while the per unit energy consumption indicator of the first half of the year will be released by the end of July .
The release of the provincial per unit energy consumption indicator to the public started in 2006 while the release of the municipal per unit energy consumption indicator to the public will begin in the second half of 2007 .
The Hainan Statistical Bureau has also set up energy saving and consumption reduction monitoring and warning system in 50 major energy consumption industrial enterprises across the province in order to increase the accuracy of the energy saving and consumption reduction bulletin .
These 50 enterprises all have full-time energy statisticians to fill out the statistical report .
The heads of the African countries came in the name of cooperation .
Although China and Africa are far apart from each other , there is a long history of Sino-African cooperation .
Looking back , the new China received strong support from the various African countries when it was resuming its legitimate seat in the United Nations .
In the new century , there will be a bigger scope and larger potential for cooperation between China and Africa .
Since its reform and opening-up , China has managed to carve a successful path of development , making it a role model for developing countries .
The various African countries are developing countries , and the development experience of China is worth them drawing on .
The various African countries have rich resources , which form a very strong mutual complement with China's economy .
It is such mutual benefit that brings China and Africa closer to each other . Both parties strive to achieve win-win cooperation .
The success of this Forum on China-Africa Cooperation will definitely , to a great extent , enhance exchange and cooperation between China and Africa in all areas such as politics , economy , and culture .
The reporter learned from the Shanxi Administration of Coal Mine Safety that at around 11:45 on November 5 , an extra serious gas explosion happened in Jiaojiazhai Coalmine of Xuan Gang Company under Datong Coal Mine Group of Shanxi Province . The death toll from the mining disaster has risen to 17 so far .
Up until press time , 30 people were still trapped under the pit .
According to the account given to the reporters by Datong Coal Mine Group rescue team captain Li Tingjun who came out of the pit at around 21:00 on the 5th , they went down the pit to conduct search and rescue efforts at around 14:00 and found 17 victims inside the mine passage that they were able to reach .
He said that the spot where they reached was still four to five hundred meters from the explosion point . However , the explosion had caused serious collapse of the roof , thus hindering the search and rescue efforts . In addition , the gas concentration level under the pit had far exceeded the standard level , thus creating huge difficulties for the rescue work .
The accident rescue team is now urgently restoring the ventilation system .
The Shanxi Provincial Government , the provincial Administration of Coal Mine Safety , and leading officials of Datong Coal Mine Group are currently studying the next step of the rescue plan .
At around 11:30 on November 5 , a coalmine disaster happened in Jiaojiazhai Coalmine of Xuan Gang Company under Datong Coal Mine Group . Two tunneling teams were working under the pit at the time . Up until press time at 7 p.m. that evening , three people were rescued . One of them suffered from injuries to the eyes and was admitted to the hospital . The life and death of the remaining people still underneath the pit remained unknown .
Yesterday , the medical staff of Peking Union Medical Hospital mourned for him through memories . They said that in the more than 100 days that old Mr . Huo was in the hospital , he made a deep impression on the medical staff as a patient who followed doctors' instructions faithfully , and as a patriot who still cared about state affairs .
`` Orange juice was old Mr . Huo's favorite drink when he was still alive .
However , as we were worried that it might cause choking , we did not allow him to drink orange juice . We even limited the supply of water . Senior Mr . Huo followed all instructions . He did not make any special requests on account of his special status . ''
Union Medical Hospital Special Care Unit Deputy Director Bai Chunzheng recalled , saying Mr . Huo Yingdong followed the instructions of the relevant doctors faithfully , and what is more heart-warming is that he was always smiling . Every time he came to the hospital to see the doctor , he was always wearing sportswear and a pair of sports shoes . There was not a single bit of the aggressiveness of a business tycoon .
In addition , Union Medical Hospital Special Care Unit Director Li Dongjing said that during his treatment in Beijing , Mr . Huo Yingdong never failed to invite the medical staff to Grand Hotel Beijing for a meal whenever there was a festival . He even gave his biography as presents to everyone .
German Federal Minister of Education and Research Schavan said recently that Germany should lower the qualifying conditions for bringing in foreign professionals in the Immigration Law and solve the problem of the shortage of professionals that Germany is facing through increasing the recruitment of foreign talents .
According to a report by OECD , by 2010 the number of workers between age 15 and 64 in Germany will be gradually decreasing each year .
If there are not enough immigrants , the labor force in Germany in 2020 will decrease by 6 % as compared with the present .
However , reports by organizations such as the German Employers Association and the German Association of Engineers show that there is a relatively large shortage of engineers and professionals in the current job market in Germany .
According to the statistics from Germany's Federal Labor Department , this May , the supply of engineers in the labor market in Germany had a shortfall of about 12700 people and the supply of technicians had a shortfall of about 9600 people .
In order to protect native employment , Germany has set a relatively high threshold for bringing in foreign talents .
Germany's Immigration Law stipulates that professionals from non-EU countries should have annual salaries of no less than 85500 euros in Germany , otherwise they cannot get the permit to work and live in Germany .
Schavan suggests that this qualifying amount be reduced to 40000 to 60000 euros .
It was learned at the press conference held by the State Council Information Office that starting from July 1 this year , China will implement the Ad hoc Tax-free Registration Policy for Chinese-owned International Shipping Vessels to encourage Chinese-owned vessels flying foreign flags to register back in the country so as to acquire the nationality of the People's Republic of China and sail under the five-star red flag .
In order to further promote the healthy growth of the maritime shipping industry in our country and expand the national fleet and address the relevant problems arising from a considerable number of our country's vessels engaged in international shipping registering overseas and operating under foreign flags , the Ministry of Communications has recently issued `` The Public Notice Regarding the Implementation of the Ad hoc Tax-free Registration Policy for Chinese-owned International Shipping Vessels , " clarifying the conditions for enjoying the ad hoc tax-free policy and the application procedures . Starting from July 1 this year , eligible vessels which submit import declarations within two years shall be exempt from customs duties and import VAT .
Applicant vessels may choose Shanghai , Tianjin , or Dalian as their ports of nationality to process vessel registration .
When people go out traveling , they are looking for relaxation , freshness , and freedom , enjoying as much as possible the natural scenery and achievements of civilized society .
However , while traveling in the country , many people have experienced such nuisance as being besieged and cornered by peddlers and middlemen in public places .
Whether you are getting on or off a bus or train , you invariably suffer the harassment of peddlers and some unlicensed middlemen .
They either sell chicken eggs , peanuts , or sesame seed cakes , or newspapers and magazines . In addition , many unlicensed middlemen make referrals to restaurants and lodgings , even hawking fake certificates , fake receipts , and so on .
If you don't take them , he can chase you for several hundreds of meters as if he would rather die than fail .
In some scenic spots , many tourists also have the same experience .
Before you enter the main gate , someone would come to hawk things like tourist souvenirs and small pieces of arts and crafts .
There are more scenarios of this kind after you go through the gate , which completely ruins even your best mood .
Some media once reported that many foreign tourists coming to Xi'an praised endlessly the places of historic interest and scenic beauty in Xi'an , but felt it was incomprehensible that crowds of peddlers are allowed to hawk their wares everywhere .
Such public places including bus stations and scenic spots are places meant for traveling and recreation . Attention should be paid to civility and orderliness as well as tranquility and harmony , providing tourists a comfortable and relaxing environment .
The unrestricted entry and exit of peddlers not only disturb the mood of tourists , but also actually destroy the public order of these public places , giving rise to the visual contamination and environmental contamination , while providing the conditions and opportunities for lawless people to make trouble .
The important thing is that these public places are the windows of spiritual civilization construction in the local areas . A small glimpse can reveal a larger picture . Not only the image is being damaged but the growth of local economy will also be impacted .
Just imagine , if you want to expand and strengthen the tourism industry but welcome guests traveling from all directions with such a messy tourist environment , who will still want to come , and who still dare to come ?
Then how can your tourist economy gain returns ?
As the tourist high season approaches , creating a civilized tourist environment for tourists coming from all directions should be considered the top priority .
Public places are not markets . The operation by peddlers should be regulated . Unlicensed operation must be resolutely banned , and there should be relentless crackdown on illegal activities .
Only a civilized and orderly environment can get tourists to come happily , who will leave after fully enjoying themselves and keep the passion for a return trip .
In a word , keep public places from the harassment of peddlers .
On July 10 , Liu Gangyi , the party committee secretary of Mulan Township , Xindu District , Chengdu City , who is the first township party committee secretary through public nomination and direct election in the whole country , received his fourth democratic evaluation since he took office . The rate of satisfaction reached 97 %.
During his conversation with reporters , Liu Gangyi defined himself as a `` service provider . ''
The `` service provider '' as spoken by Liu Gangyi is probably more truthful and more believable than the `` service provider '' as spoken by some appointed cadres .
The greatest advantage of public nomination and direct election as compared with the system of appointment lies in the fact that in the former the source of power is mainly determined by ordinary party members and the masses , while in the latter it is mainly appointed by upper-level organizations . And where the power originates determines that the former must take its responsibility to the general public as top priority .
The source of power and to whom they should answer are the basic factors that determine how the elected will go about their work .
Some people suspect that this kind of `` democratic evaluation '' is more like a `` democracy show . ''
My opinion is that it is better to have this form of `` democratic evaluation '' than nothing at all .
Considering the history and current status of China's grassroots democratic and political construction , I think that it is already a major breakthrough to have public nomination and direction election . Being a major component of this innovation , the democratic evaluation is not to be underestimated in promoting the grassroots democratic and political construction .
US President Bush said on the 21st that the US will fully support the Pakistani government in driving al Qaeda and Taliban extremists out of the border region between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
In his regular weekly radio address that day , Bush said that according to the latest US intelligence , al Qaeda has found a `` safe haven '' in the area of Pakistan bordering Afghanistan .
He expressed `` serious concern '' over this .
Bush said that the US will continue to support Pakistani President Musharraf , believing that Musharraf will persistently fight against al Qaeda and Taliban militants .
It is noted in the National Intelligence Estimate report recently released by the US that Islamic militant organizations , Bin Laden's al Qaeda in particular , still constitute a persistent threat to the US .
The agreement reached by Musharraf and some tribal leaders in the northern region of Pakistan last September on guarding against the remnant forces of the Taliban and activities of al Qaeda members has failed to achieve the expected result .
These tribal leaders `` were unwilling or unable '' to maintain the security of the region on their own .
In this prerecorded address , Bush said that Musharraf is taking active steps to correct this mistake .
A long-term follow-up research by glacier experts at the Swiss Academy of Sciences found that from 1850 to 2005 the 1800 plus glaciers in Switzerland were shrinking at an annual rate of 3 %.
The heat wave in 2003 alone caused the Alps glacier to melt by 1.8 %
Experts believe that if the global temperature rises by 3 degrees Celsius by 2100 , the glaciers will have shrunk by 80 % compared with the present and that with a temperature rise of 5 degrees Celsius , the glaciers will have entirely melted .
The Aletsch glacier is the longest glacier in Europe and has been inscribed on the list of the UNESCO Natural World Heritage . However , from 2005 to 2006 , it shrank by 100 meters within a year . There can be no more delay in protecting the natural environment .
Photo of the 23-kilometer-long Aletsch glacier
Xinhua Agency , Nanjing , November 4 ( by correspondents Deng Huaning , Ling Junhui ): During the fifth annual summit on Chinese automobile industry development , convened here on the 4th , Li Xinmin , vice chairman of the Department of Pollution Control of the State Environmental Protection Administration , indicated that in recent years , because of the rapid increase of the number of vehicles in cities , air pollution in cities is changing from coal-smoke type pollution to coal-smoke type and vehicles combined pollution . Some large and medium cities are frequently under hazy weather .
Li Xinmin said automobile ownerships in China now number 31 million .
Because vehicles use low quality fuels , and the emission standard is low , vehicles have become an important polluting source in large and medium cities , directly causing an increase in hazy weather in cities and an increase in cities polluted by automobile tailpipe exhaust .
Li Xinmin said that the so-called hazy weather refers to the great concentration of nitrogen oxide and particulate matters that leads to low visibility .
In recent years , under favorable climate conditions , region-wide hazy weather frequently appears .
A popular saying goes : `` A new official applies new measures . ''
Experience clearly shows that any new leader would aspire to be able to `` assume an office ; perform a dose of benevolence . '' No new officials would lack the impulse to display surpassing strengths , rack up achievements , and gain the approval by the people as quickly as possible .
Therefore , one can't blame new local party leaders , after the changing of the leadership , for wanting to show quick and numerous accomplishments . And it's quite normal , in the years of changing of the leadership , to see great accomplishment and progress made in the economy .
This year , in view of an evident increase in the central government's dynamism in macro adjustment and of an increasingly powerful momentum in investments in fixed assets , the enthusiasm of different localities in competing in the speed of economic growth is undiminished . `` Changing of the guard '' is perhaps an important propelling factor .
From a search on the Internet , one can discover that , in the recent period , such phrases as `` accelerated development '' and `` grand deeds and quick progress '' can frequently be found in the talk of many local leaders .
Admittedly , it is impossible for economic social development not to be affected by the political cycle of `` the changing of the leadership . '' But if the results of some local `` changing of the leadership '' deviate from the original development plan and turn into another set of development thinking , then either the economic price or the political price would be heavy .
Xinhua News Agency , Baghdad , Nov . 14 ( reporter Zhang Wei ) - According to a report by Iraqi state television on the 14th , a group of armed militia dressed in police uniform charged into a building of Iraq's Ministry of Higher Education in downtown Baghdad and left by cars after kidnapping approximately 100 people on that day .
The report claimed that at around 9:30 that morning , the group of armed militia arrived in front of an office building of a research institute under Iraq's Ministry of Higher Education in Karrada area in downtown Baghdad in several vehicles .
They lied that the US Ambassador to Iraq would soon arrive for a tour and they were Iraqi security personnel who came to conduct an inspection .
After they were let inside , they kidnapped the people in the building and separated the hostages according to their gender .
The women were locked in a room and their cell phones were confiscated while the men including workers , security personnel , and visitors were forced into the vehicles and brought away .
However , according to the information provided by an official of Iraq's Ministry of Interior to the reporter of Xinhua News Agency , the group of armed militia carried out the kidnapping in 20 vehicles at the time .
At present , Iraqi security forces are investigating the identity of this group of armed militia and the result is still unknown .
According to an Agence France-Presse report on the 14th , the census taken by the Census Bureau this year showed that the 2005 median income of Asian American families is US$ 60367, higher than that of white families . But the median income of Asian Americans was US$ 27201, slightly lower than that of whites .
In 2005 , 13.5 % of Americans lived below the poverty line . Among whom , 9 % were whites , 11.5 % of Asian descent , 22.4 % of Latin American descent , and 25.6 % of African descent .
The standard of calculation for the poverty line in the United States applies to individuals who make less than US$ 10000 a year or families ( of four ) who make less than US$ 20000 a year .
In terms of family income , if the factor of the number of children within a family is excluded , the income differences among families of different ethnicities are less than those shown by the data .
Roberto Ramirez , the person in charge of the Census Bureau's ethnic affairs , said that this census , using a 10-year-long experimental survey as a basis , was designed chiefly to meet the increasing social needs for interrelated survey data .
The census sampled all the 300 million families in the United States . The census report comprised 1000 forms .
On July 1 , the Eternal Warning Bell in the Memorial Hall of Nanjing's Jinghai Temple was tolled once again , the sound of the bell ringing melodiously .
This rich echo of history connected the mainland and Hong Kong via television , as the citizens of Nanjing and Hong Kong compatriots `` shared the same occasion from the far corners of the earth '' and celebrated together the tenth anniversary of Hong Kong's reversion to the motherland .
Ten years previously , at 12:00 a.m. on July 1 , the sound of the tolling of the Eternal Warning Bell reverberated 155 times in the sky over the bell tower of the Memorial Hall of Nanjing's Jinghai Temple , bidding farewell to the humiliating history of the cession of Hong Kong island .
People from all walks of life in Nanjing society gathered together in front of the gate of the smallish Memorial Hall . They said that they wanted to give an eternal warning to themselves and to later generations not to forget history by ringing this Eternal Warning Bell with their own two hands .
`` The bell of the Eternal Warning Bell is 1.842 meters high , and the year 1842 was precisely when the `` Nanjing Treaty '' was concluded at the time of the eruption of the Opium War .
The shoulder of the bell is 1.997 meters high , and 1997 was the year of Hong Kong's reversion . ''
The man behind the devising and casting of the Eternal Warning Bell that year , Wang Fengling , explained that `` there are five `` wan '' character inscriptions around the body of the bell . The whole copper bell is in high relief , with two dragons supporting a fireball , symbolizing the fact that Hong Kong is the motherland's `` Pearl of the Orient . '' Finally , Nanjing's city flower , the plum blossom , forms the pattern on the body of the bell where the bell is struck . ''
Yu Xiaodong , a member of the Democratic Party and the first person back then to propose the construction of the Eternal Warning Bell sighed with emotion , saying , `` Before we knew it , it has been ten years already since the reversion of Hong Kong . '' He hopes that Hong Kong's tomorrow could be like the sound of that tolling bell , `` resounding and melodious , ongoing and everlasting . ''
Over the course of the current year , all departments in all parts of Guangxi have launched a movement to transform cadres' style of work and strengthen the building of administrative efficiency in official bodies , implementing the `` three systems : " the `` ask first '' responsibility system , the time-limited case-handling system and the accountability system . Thirty-three key approval departments directly under the autonomous region and 135 responsible posts have been brought into the administrative efficiency inspection work network .
So far , 619 people have been held to account .
On the 5th this reporter learned from the Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region that Guangxi has currently formed a rudimentary administrative efficiency inspection work network at the autonomous region , municipality and county levels . They are strengthening inspection of key departments and responsible posts , and the electronic inspection systems of 14 municipalities have been completely linked with that of the autonomous region .
The autonomous region's electronic system for the inspection of administrative efficiency is directly connected to 33 key approval departments directly under the autonomous region and 135 responsible posts that deal with the investment environment and the production and life of the masses , further standardizing their approval behavior and raising their approval efficiency .
At the same time , all levels of Guangxi's discipline inspection supervision bodies are solemnly investigating cases that touch on the efficiency of workstyles or harm the interests of the people . So far , they have investigated and verified 1104 cases and concluded 769 cases , and held to account 584 work units and 619 individuals .
The secretary of the standing committee of Guangxi Autonomous Region's party committee and discipline inspection committee , Ma Tieshan , said on the 5th that inspection of administrative efficiency is a task that will accompany administrative activities from beginning to end , and it was necessary to gradually put in place a long-term and effective mechanism .
Guangxi is to further perfect and standardize all of its administrative management regulations and systems , and set up and perfect an administrative efficiency inspection work mechanism and safeguard system , so as to put efficiency inspection on an institutionalized and standardized track ; further standandize supervision and inspection procedures , strengthen and improve the complaint resolution mechanism and performance evaluation and assessment mechanism ; step up accountability , and use a strict accountability system to ensure the practical implementation of the `` ask first '' responsibility system , the time-limited case-handling system , and other work systems .
Two Jordanese men were sentenced by the Jordanian State Security Court on the 11th for plotting to attack Americans in Jordan .
Of the two men , both aged 25 , one called Sameeh al-Hotari was sentenced to 8 years' imprisonment with forced labor , and the other called Mohammed Shehada was sentenced to three years' imprisonment with forced labor .
A court official said that al-Hotari was also charged with illegal possession of firearms , and that the police had found an assault rifle while searching his place of residence .
The court originally decided to sentence al-Hotari to life imprisonment , but later considered giving him an opportunity to `` turn over a new leaf , " and reduced the sentence to 8 years .
According to the indictment , after the outbreak of the Iraq war the two accused decided to avenge the Muslims who were `` being bullied by the Americans , " and plotted to attack Americans living in Jordan .
In August 2006 they selected as a target an American living in a suburb of the Jordanian capital , Amman , but were arrested by the police before carrying out an attack on him .
The identity of this American was not made public in the indictment .
The indictment also charged the two defendants with planning to attack other Americans , but no concrete details were divulged .
US President Bush gave an address on the 16th in Washington , calling for the holding of an international conference on the Palestine-Israel issue this fall , and inviting Israel , Palestine and some of the surrounding Arab countries and other countries concerned to take part , in order to jointly push for the restarting of the Middle East peace process .
On the 17th , Bush also made separate phone calls to Egypt's President Mubarak , Jordan's King Abdullah II , and Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah , asking them to respond positively to this proposal , give practical support to Abbas , the president of the Palestinian National Authority , and help the Palestinians and the Israelis to resume peace talks at an early date .
A large group of health professionals and technicians have put down roots over a long period in the countryside , contributing arduous labor and their youthful years to the grass-roots health causes and the health of the peasant masses .
Jiangxi province recently decided to confer an `` Award of Honor for Engaging in Thirty Years of Health Work in the Countryside '' on health professionals and technicians who have put down roots in the countryside for a full 30 years .
According to the presentation by the Jiangxi province health department , health professionals and technicians engaged in health professional and technical work in township and village health clinics run by the government , with medicine-related educational backgrounds above polytechnic-levels as well as those with post-primary health professional and technical titles who have successively or altogether spent a full 30 years working in township and village health clinics , township and village snail fever prevention teams and the leprosy village all fall within the scope of the awards .
The date for the final determination of those approved in the first batch will be at the end of July .
Apart from conferring `` Award of Honor for Engaging in Thirty Years of Health Work in the Countryside '' certificates and medals on qualified rural health professionals , Jiangxi province will also give them preferential consideration and appropriate advantages in terms of professional examinations , assessments and appointments :
individually-set pass marks for advanced professional examinations , practical performance-based assessments , appropriately relaxed scientific research and dissertation requirements , and an exemption from foreign language exams ; with appointment on a preferential basis given once qualifications are met .
The Jiangxi province health department will also organize vacations and rest periods for a certain number of people every year by providing a certain amount of funding and assistance .
From this year onwards , Jiangxi province will hold an `` Award of Honor for Engaging in Thirty Years of Health Work in the Countryside '' recommendation and recognition event every two years .
In order to further deepen the city's civilized traffic `` Three Gives Ways '' campaign , raise consciousness of the rule of law in traffic matters and consciousness of traffic safety among the vast majority of citizens , and strengthen people's initiative in observing regulations and laws , the traffic brigade of Jiaozhou city in Shandong province is carrying out a campaign to `` Bring a Film on Traffic Safety into Residential Areas ( and Villages ) and Workplaces '' from July 20 until August 10 ( every Monday , Wednesday and Friday ) in the city's People's Square , Jialejia Square , Sanlihe Square , the Shinan residential subdivision , Ligezhuang Square , the North Jiaozhou garrison , the Jiulong garrison , the East Jiaozhou garrison , the Fu'an industrial park , among other places .
Before the film starts , the traffic brigade passed out to the citizens printed copies of `` Preventing Traffic Accidents and Protecting Human Life - a Letter to the Citizens in General '' and some publicity materials , and then showed the films on special traffic themes , `` The Warning that Traffic Accidents Bear for Human Life '' and `` On the Way to School . ''
The disasters shown one by one in the films produced waves of gasps from the townspeople , and bloody scenes shown one after another served a huge warning function .
The special theme film `` On the Way to School '' in particular uses a cartoon format so that elementary school students understand and enjoy watching it while receiving profound education .
This showing of the films attracted more than 3000 residents in the vicinity of the square to watch it , especially some youths and peasant laborers who have come to Jiaozhou to work , all sitting in the middle of the site watching it with relish .
By means of the launch of the campaign to bring a film on traffic safety into residential areas ( and villages ) and workplaces , the vast majory of townspeople have been able to appreciate the film at the same time as they enjoy the cool air , and receive a profound education on traffic safety . It has been warmly welcomed by the citizens , new citizens in particular .
The UN Security Council passed a unanimous resolution on the 30th , agreeing to extend the term of UN peacekeeping troops based in Ethiopia and Eritrea ( UNMEE ) by six months until January 31 next year .
The resolution requires all the parties concerned to fulfill their commitments , continue exercising restraint , ease the tense situation and avoid provocative military activities ; calling on Eritrea to pull its troops and heavy military equipment out of the Temporary Security Zone immediately and calling on Ethiopia to reduce the number of additional military troops recently deployed in the vicinity of the Temporary Security Zone .
The resolution requires Ethiopia to immediately take concrete steps to allow the Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission to speedily demarcate the border without any preconditions ; and requires Eritrea to cancel all of its restrictions on UNMEE's actions and operations without any further delay and without setting any preconditions .
The resolution reaffirms the full support for the work of the Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission , and welcomes the commission's decision to hold talks with both Eritrea and Ethiopia on September 6 in New York .
In 1998 a border conflict broke out between Eritrea and Ethiopia , leading to the loss of more than 70000 lives .
In June 2000 both Ethiopia and Eritrea signed a ceasefire agreement in the Algerian capital of Algiers .
The UN has deployed peacekeeping troops on the Ethiopian-Eritrean border since July 2001 to oversee the implementation of the two countries' ceasefire agreement .
Spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Liu Jianchao stated on the 2nd that China will continue to devote efforts in negotiating with all relevant parties to confirm a time convenient to all parties to resume the talk .
When all parties are ready , `` the sooner the Six Party Talk is convened the better '' .
Liu Jianchao said that China , North Korea , and the United States have reached concrete understanding and consensus to discuss and resolve financial problems within the framework of the Six Party Talks through common efforts .
The six parties have to mutually agree on the time to resume the Six Party Talk , the way it will be conducted , and the issues to be discussed .
Therefore , China still needs to communicate and discuss with Japan , South Korea , and Russia to fix a time to resume the talk that all parties find convenient .
China believes that when all parties are ready , the sooner the Six Party Talk resumes , the better it will be .
Liu Jianchao stressed that China has always opposed to resolving related issues through means of sanction , threat , and pressure .
China believes that dialogue and negotiation is the only and the best way to resolve North Korean nuclear issue .
During the war of resistance against Japan , there was a renowned `` Japanese special agent '' named `` Lin Hongzhou . ''
He was a native of Laiwu and was deeply appreciated by ( Shan Tian ) , chief of staff of the Japanese troops stationed in Shandong .
He was Guo Shantang , an intelligence officer of our Party who penetrated into the highest echelon of the Japanese troops stationed in Shandong .
At the end of 1941 , a group of capable cadres and outstanding fighters were selected from our Luzhong military region to form a special task force , to penetrate into the guerilla warfare regions and enemy-occupied territories . They became the eyes and ears of our troops stationed in these areas .
Guo Shantang was one of the members of this special task force .
He was sent to the center of military activities of the puppet Japanese army - Tai'an - to collect intelligence .
He used various social relations to successfully penetrate into the enemy inner circles and changed his name to `` Lin Hongzhou . ''
Relying on his own wit and bravery , Guo Shantang penetrated deeper and deeper into the inner circles of the puppet Japanese army .
He first became a special task force member of ( Shan Tian ) , chief of staff of the Japanese troops stationed in Shandong . Later , he was fought over by four Japanese spy agencies in Ji'nan .
( Shan Ben ) , chief of the military police squadron in Ji'nan , even issued an official certificate to him .
Guo Shantang , deeply trusted by the Japanese , continuously supplied the intelligence he collected to me via my fifth older brother , Wang Chunfeng . Of course , I also passed on some irrelevant intelligence to him to feed to the Japanese spy agencies .
In this way , Guo Shantang concealed himself in the tiger's lair for a long time .
A member of Iraq's internal government said on the 8th that a soccer field in Sadr City , in the eastern part of the capital , Baghdad , where many Shiite Muslims lived , was hit by several mortar shells in a surprise attack , killing eight people and wounding 20 .
This official , who declined to be named , told a Xinhua Agency reporter that the surprise attack took place that evening , when a game was in progress on the soccer field .
Those killed and wounded include players and spectators .
And according to information from Iraq's internal government , there were many other surprise attacks in Baghdad that day that targeted the police and citizens , resulting in least five dead and 26 wounded .
The Iraqi Supreme Court announced on the 5th that former president Saddam Hussein was sentenced to death by hanging for crimes against humanity he committed in the town of Dujail .
Because of concerns over the escalation of violent surprise attacks after the sentencing announcement , the Iraqi government imposed curfew on Baghdad on the 5th and the 6th .
After the curfew was lifted on the 7th , violent surprise attacks seemed to escalate again in Baghdad .
There were many surprise attacks in Baghdad on the 7th , resulting in at least 22 dead and 40 wounded .
The first is the identification function .
It is an important sign that distinguishes the armies of different countries , different military services , and between the military and civilians .
In the armies of more than 100 large and small countries of the world , although the use of military uniform is basically identical , there are no two countries' armies whose military uniforms are completely the same .
The second is the symbolic function .
To a certain extent , military uniform is both a reflection of a country's mental outlook and its national characteristics , and is also a concentrated embodiment of a country's military ability to wage war and the quality of its servicemen .
In the three main types of military uniform - ceremonial attire , everyday uniforms , and drill uniforms - the one that can express national prestige and military prestige to the fullest extent is none other than ceremonial attire that is well-pressed and pleasing to the eye .
The third is the protective function .
With the rapid development of high-tech and updated weaponry , improving the overall protective capacity of new-style drill uniforms to give military uniform various types of functions - including bulletproofing , stealth protection , anti-chemical , anti-bacterial and anti-radiation functions , as well as control of the temperature , humidity and the air - has become a key issue in the development of military uniform .
Report by Correspondent Zhang Shun : A member of the Central Military Commission and commander of the Air Force , Qiao Qingchen met the party of Bangladeshi Chief of Air Staff Ziaur Rahman in Beijing today .
Qiao Qingchen said that since China and Bangladesh had established diplomatic relations , relations between the two countries had always developed smoothly , that high-level contacts were frequent , and that friendly exchanges and cooperation in various fields were continuously being strengthened .
The two countries , whether in international affairs or in each country's domestic construction , trusted each other , supported each other , helped each other , and acted in close coordination with each other .
The Chinese side appreciated and was grateful for the support Bangladesh gave China on the issues of Taiwan , human rights , Tibet , and others .
Qiao Qingchen said that the Chinese armed forces prized the development of friendly relations with the Bangladeshi armed forces and hoped that through the common efforts of the two sides they will be able to further enlarge the scope and level of friendly cooperation between the two armies , strengthen friendly exchanges and cooperation between the air forces of the two countries , and raise the friendly cooperative relationship between the two armies that has already been established to a new level .
Zia said that the Bangladeshi side will exert vigorous efforts to further develop friendly exchanges and cooperation between the two armed forces of Bangladesh and China , particularly between the two countries' air forces .
He reaffirmed that the Bangladeshi government will support the one-China policy , just as it has always done .
Before the meeting , Qiao Qingchen held a welcome ceremony for the Zia visit .
Zia arrived in Beijing on July 8 to begin an official friendly visit to our country at an invitation from Qiao Qingchen .
Staff Writer , Report by Cao Jiawei and Zhu Chunbin : On June 18 , at a training class for People's Armed Force full-time cadres in Jingjiang city in Jiangsu province , Lu Yuqing , leader of the People's Armed force department of Xilai township , delivered a training lecture `` Winning a Psychological War under Informationalized Conditions '' that received a unanimous favorable assessment from the trainees .
This was a new change that was brought about by the city's People's Armed Force when it has put more pressure on its cadres based on the reality of their positions in an effort to raise People's Armed Force cadres' comprehensive quality .
At the beginning of this year , the People's Armed force party committee discovered during investigation and research at the grassroots level that some of the People's Armed Force cadres had served for a long time , had too many concurrent duties , and had not put their chief energies into the armed force work .
For this reason , they have adopted methods including centralized training , replacing training with meetings , and relying on local party schools to conduct training , thus regularly training military cadres , in an effort to resolve problems such as the narrow knowledge base and the uniform focus of the professional quality of military cadres .
In combination with the central work , they boldly assign tasks to military cadres and put more pressure on them , and raise their performance by on-the-job training .
At the same time , they have actively coordinated with local organizational departments and jointly drafted the `` People's Armed Forces Cadres' Competition for Jobs Scheme , " and explicitly stipulated that the leaders of People's Armed Forces departments must join the party committee of the same level and cannot concurrently take on other jobs .
They have set up a military cadres' restructuring exchange mechanism to promptly regulate exchanges on some older military cadres who are not suitable for grassroots People's Armed forces work , and promote and use some comrades of good comprehensive quality and strong work ability .
Not long ago , a domestic gap was filled by the underwater boat-welding technology invented and developed by the People's Militia technology platoon under the leadership of the secretary of the armed department of the New Century Shipbuilding Company Limited , Chen Yisong , who was exceptionally promoted as the company's armed department leader .
Report by Li Guoliang and Huang Qi : For many years , Guangdong's Frontier Defense Unit Hospital , while doing a good job ensuring army medical service , has also done all it can to aid the masses who have found themselves in straitened circumstances , their compassion soothing the hearts of the common people everywhere .
This morning , a celebratory meeting to mark the conferring by the Public Security Ministry of a Collective Ward of Merit , Second Class , on Guangdong's Frontier Defense Unit Hospital , together with a public lecture on the exemplary deeds of the army in supporting the government and cherishing the people , was solemnly held in Shenzhen .
The Guangdong Frontier Unit Hospital , which has set itself the task of building socialist harmony , has successively established three fair-price hospitals specially aimed at migrant laborers in Buji , Longhua and Bao'an of Shenzhen . The registration fee for migrant laborers seeking medical advice is only 1 yuan , and discounts of 20 % are available for both tests and operations .
The hospital is provided with a special `` Compassionate Service Vehicle , " which takes peasant migrant patients to and from the clinic free of charge , and has rolled out a migrant peasant worker `` Health Service Card , " whereby each person needs to pay just 7 yuan a month to enjoy 12 types of basic medical treatment consultations and guarantees .
These measures to benefit the people have already been extended to more than 12000 migrant peasant workers .
Since 2003 , the hospital has also launched large-scale compassionate charity consultation events under the title `` Lighting a Thousand Lamps , " and has organized eight successive trips to send ophthalmic doctors and nurses to distant places such as Tibet , Jiangxi , Yunnan , and Qinghai to `` bring light and health , " performing nearly 3000 cataract operations free of charge , helping sufferers to see again .
Staff Writer , Report by Xue Bingjian and Correspondent Xu Yeqing : The situation in the `` small , scattered , far and direct '' units where education organization is difficult , resources are meager , and each fends for itself , will become history at a second artillery unit base .
This correspondent learned recently that following a half-year pilot project , this base has handed down `` The Method of Fully Implementing `` An Outline for Ideological and Political Education '' . '' A number of ideological and political education coordination zones covering all the `` small , scattered , far and direct '' units in the base have officially been brought into operation .
In order to push ahead with the effective implementation of `` An Outline for Ideological and Political Education , " the base organized resources at the beginning of the year to conduct in-depth investigation and research of the ideological and political education situation in `` small , scattered , far and direct '' units . They combed through important issues that influence and restrict the education time , personnel and results , and initially established this new-style education model of coordination zones for the `` small , scattered , far and direct '' units .
The concrete approach of coordination zones is to break down the organizational boundaries among units and set up a brigade and regiment-level unit to take the lead in the areas where the `` small , scattered , far and direct '' units are relatively concentrated , and conduct an integrated program for thematic education , with units falling under different hierarchies coming together in nearby places for lectures or using the help of video link-up systems for remote discussions .
They have adopted a method that integrates taking turns in giving lessons and competing for posts , and unifying the allocation of educational resources . In each area the use of educational hardware will be integrated , and each unit's materials , data and educational experiences will be shared and exchanged with those of others , with regular organization in each area of typical tour reports and exchanges of what they got from the study by the officers and men .
Every coordination zone has set up a devoted educational liaison person and a part-time educational information gatherer .
On this basis , each coordination zone has also set up systems for seeking assistance on difficult issues , holding joint discussions on major educational themes , reporting critical ideological situations , and assessing tests and evaluations .
Zhang Shengmin , the director of the base's political department , told this correspondent that constructing political education coordination zones has both reduced the waste of educational resources and deepened the impact of education .
Some political instructors fear they will lose marks in front of officers and men from other units and have taken the initiative to study new things and seek new educational methods .
The officers and men receiving the education have also enthusiastically digested the educational content , out of concern over expressing themselves in layman's language in front of the officers and men of friendly neighboring units during discussion and analysis .
In this way , the enthusiasm of the people giving and receiving education has been both effectively stimulated .
Report by Wang Weiqin and Specially Contracted Correspondent Li Deying : On July 25 , this writer observed in a service support company of the Ji'nan Military Command that invitations for an army engineering tender , details of financial expenditure , promotions of cadres , non-commissioned officers being admitted to the Party and other major matters were written up on a bulletin board , and hung up conspicuously in a display cabinet .
As Political Commissar Su Chengsen explained , this is a concrete measure adopted by the section to promote a system where things are done openly .
At the beginning of this year , the unit party committee drew up measures including `` Two-way Supervision Between the Organization and the Grassroots '' and `` Publicizing Sensitive Issues '' to strengthen the construction of the party spirit and honest government , requiring that for all significant issues that involve the direct interests of the officers and men and army development , the opinions of grassroots officers and men are first heard before decisions are reached , and that standards , procedures , and results etc of the handling of the matters are made public from start to finish in line with the circumstances .
The unit has installed a suggestion box and a bulletin board , and has opened a `` message board '' on its Intranet to collect everyone's views and recommendations in an extensive way .
At the beginning of the year , as the renovation project of the soldiers' barracks was about to start , before the work began , the party committee organ extensively solicited the views of the officers and men , and then released the information on inviting bids , implementing a system of open tenders .
This both saved money and won the support of the officers and men .
Doing things in an open and fair way has driven the formation of a good atmosphere at the grassroots .
In this unit , the grassroots company insists on making regular public announcements and notices , no matter whether they are issues as big as the determination of `` hot-button '' sensitive matters , or as trivial as personal vacations to visit relatives or daily income and expenditure in the mess accounts , thus taking the initiative to receive the supervision of the masses .
According to a report in the Venezuelan media on the 3rd , the US team's 37-year-old veteran goalkeeper , Keller , said during an interview here that if he could not find a suitable club to serve in after the America's Cup , then he would opt to retire .
`` If I have not been able to get a contract for 1-2 seasons with a high-quality league team within four to six weeks of the conclusion of the America's Cup , then maybe retiring will not be a bad choice for me . ''
With the relegation of the Mchengladbach team to the 2nd Bundesliga , Keller also left this soccer team in which he had served for more than two seasons .
Although Keller has a mind to retire , he has many opportunities and clearly need not worry about finding a place . He himself has frankly stated that there are currently as many as eight soccer teams that are interested in inviting him to join them .
However , this veteran goalkeeper who has served in league matches for the Spanish Primera Liga , the English Premiership , and the German Bundesliga , said that what he ultimately chooses to do will be decided by his family . `` My kid is already 9 years old . He has followed me around and stayed in three different countries , and has been to three different schools , and so I need to consider in my current choice what would be better for my family . ''
In the Gold Cup competition that was concluded not long ago , Keller put in an outstanding performance , helping the US team to win the title .
In the current America's cup , he has , just as before , been given an important job to do by head coach Bradley , but he clearly cannot win the match singlehanded . The US team , made up of `` young guards , " is no match for such strong South American opponents as Argentina and Paraguay , and during these two matches the goal he guarded was breached seven times .
The next match against Colombia will probably be the US team's and Keller's last performance in this America's Cup competition .
Xinhua News Agency , Madrid , July 7 A Spanish woman was attacked by a masked hoodlum , and during the struggle she pulled off the hoodlum's face covering and was surprised to find that the assaulter was actually her own husband . The police have arrested him .
According to a report in the media over here on the 6th , the woman works in a bakery in the city of Valencia .
One day , a masked man stormed into the shop , and she thought he was a robber and told him to take some money from the drawer and get out .
But instead of taking any money , the man grabbed the women by the neck and tried to kill her .
She tried to pretend she was dead to escape her fate , but the man still did not let her go and carried on kicking her and choking her by the neck .
In the struggle , the women pulled down the villain's face covering , but found to her surprise that the man was actually her husband .
The assaulter has been arrested by the police .
The female victim told the media that she and her husband are in the middle of divorce procedures because of their failure to get along with each other , and they have two children .
Xinhua News Agency , Riga , July 12 ( Correspondent Yang Dehong ) German Foreign Minister Steinmeier currently visiting Latvia called on Russia on the 12th to ratify the Latvian-Russian border treaty as soon as possible .
On that day Steinmeier held talks with Latvian Foreign Minister Pabriks . The two sides mainly discussed issues such as Latvian-German relations and Latvian cooperation with the EU , and exchanged opinions and views on the development of Latvian-Russian relations and EU-Russian relations .
In the press conference held after the talks , Steinmeier called on Russia to ratify the Latvian-Russian border treaty as soon as possible .
Steinmeier said that steps towards an improvement in relations between Latvia and all the countries in the Baltic Sea region and Russia have been relatively slow , and that the process of signing the Latvian-Russian border treaty bears witness to a process of development in Latvian-Russian relations , but `` the shadow of history '' may also cause Latvian-Russian relations to go backwards once again . He hoped that Russia can ratify the Latvian-Russian border treaty as soon as possible , in order to promote forward development in the two countries' relationship .
On March 27 this year , after talks lasting 10 years , Latvian Prime Minister Kalvitis and Russian Prime Minister Fradkov signed a bilateral border treaty in Moscow .
On May 17 the Latvian parliament ratified the Latvian-Russian border treaty .
According to a report in the Latvian media , the Russian parliament will hold a vote on the treaty in the near future .
Xinhua News Agency , Seoul , July 18 A spokesperson for the South Korean Hyundai Motor Company said in Seoul on the 18th that the company had no intention of buying Volvo or any brand controlled by the Ford Motor Company .
The Sunday Times and the New York Times both recently reported the news that Ford may sell off Volvo .
The Sunday Times further said in its report that the South Korean Hyundai Motor Company is a potential buyer of Volvo .
A spokesperson for Hyundai Motor Company said , `` We don't have any interest in buying Volvo , Jaguar or Rover , " and `` at this moment Hyundai is busy implementing its own expansion plan , and basically has no time for other things . ''
In 1999 Ford spent 6.45 billion US dollars buying the Volvo brand from the Swedish Volvo Group .
At present , Volvo together with Rover and Jaguar etc fall under Ford's Premier Automotive Group ( PAG ).
In March this year , Ford , which has fallen into financial deficit , sold the PAG-affiliated Aston Martin for 848 million US dollars . Last month , it also said it is considering selling Rover and Jaguar .
Xinhua News Agency , Shanghai , July 24 ( Correspondents Xu Shousong and Yu Lihong ) The correspondents learned from Guan Sheng Yuan ( Group ) Co . Ltd that exports of White Rabbit candy held up for a time at the Shanghai port have recently been resumed , and a considerable number of overseas agents have one after another increased their orders .
Mr . Lim Cheng Eng of the Hock Lam company , Guan Sheng Yuan's distributor in Singapore , recently called the Guan Sheng Yuan Group to say that since the result of a sample examination of White Rabbit candy by Singapore's Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority showed that they did not contain formaldehyde and could be sold on the market normally , he wanted to place additional orders .
Guan Sheng Yuan's Malaysian distributor , the Feng Sheng company , said that it had asked Guan Sheng Yuan to immediately dispatch a container of the White Rabbit candy to Malaysia from Shanghai .
Guan Sheng Yuan's distributor in Hong Kong , Ng Fung Trading Co . Ltd , also phoned Guan Sheng Yuan to say that Hong Kong's Center for Food Safety had taken random samples of White Rabbit candy from a Hong Kong supermarket and chemicals tests had confirmed that they do not contain formaldehyde .
Ng Fung Trading Co . Ltd has received notification from Hong Kong's China Resources Supermarket of its decision to resume sales of White Rabbit candy in its more than 100 stores in Hong Kong .
It is learned that 10 containers of White Rabbit candy that had been held up for a time at the Shanghai port have gradually resumed exportation .
At present , 7 containers of White Rabbit candy are being dispatched to countries including Singapore , Costa Rica , Malaysia , India , Nepal , and the US .
Xinhua News Agency , Beijing , July 28 ( Correspondent Cui Junqiang ) When the Olympic Games are held next year , Beijing is expected to turn into a sea of fresh flowers in hot and humid August .
By season-altering and other technological methods , scientific and research personnel have found a good way of adding more color to the Olympic Games .
At the `` Practical Research into the Selection and Cultivation of New Plant Varieties for the Summer Olympics '' project evaluation meeting held on the 28th in Beijing , the experts making the evaluation came to the conclusion that by the use of new rapid-control cultivation technologies , plant species or varieties with different natural flowering seasons could blossom at the same time in the summer and reach an optimum result for people to enjoy in August when the Beijing Olympics are held .
In the summer in Beijing , one can usually see only a dozen or so fresh flowers in full bloom , as the majority of flowering plants have either long withered or are far away from blossoming .
The scientific and research personnel worked hard to select 206 species and more than 400 varieties of plants for the Summer Olympic Games .
At the `` 2007 Olympic Games Plant and Flower Show '' to be held in Beijing's Haidian park around the one year countdown before the Beijing Olympics open , a batch of plants meticulously cultivated by scientific and research personnel that previously could not naturally flower in August will welcome visitors with their gaily-colored flowers .
